NFS-based deployments using Bottlerocket AMI are not currently supported (#3694)
astronomer/docs: software/deploy-nfs.md

- NFS deploys don't work if you both use [namespace pools](namespace-pools.md) and set `global.clusterRoles` to `false` in your `values.yaml` file. The feature requires creating persistent volumes, which are a non-namespaced resource and can only be created by cluster roles.
- You can configure NFS volumes only to deploy DAGs. To push dependencies or other requirements to your Airflow Deployment, you'll need to update your `requirements.txt` and `packages.txt` files and deploy using the [Astro CLI](deploy-cli.md) or [CI/CD](ci-cd.md). For more information on pushing code to your Airflow environment, see [Customize images](customize-image.md).

> - Please note that NFS-based deployments using Bottlerocket AMI are not currently supported due to limitations at the AMI level. While we typically utilize NFS volumes for mounting, this functionality is currently restricted within the Bottlerocket AMI. Consequently, we are investigating alternative approaches to resolve this issue within our Kubernetes manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Managing NFS deploys using Bottlerocket AMIs is currently not supported. This is because the NFS volume mounts that Astronomer leverages are not supported in Bottlerocket. 
```
